Previously on R.J. Decker...
-  What are you wearing?
-  Excuse me?
Change your shirt
and meet me at the address
I'm about to send you.
Who needs you
to change your shirt?
Wish. Yeah. he might have
a new client for me.
Welcome to the humble abode
of the Carter family.
That's Holden.
He may have relapsed.
R.J..
Holden has been found.
Holden was about
to blow the whistle.
He was willing to go up
against his own father.
Holden wasn't supposed to die.
The plan was only
to discredit him.
- Still think it was me.
- It was not you.
Of course.
I'll have to notify the police.
This is a case for Homicide.
Homicide?
I don't think
you fully understand. Bigelow.
You've been murdered.
R.J.. is that you?
Yeah.
Are you alone?
Yes. very.
Aw. no love connection?
No. I wasn't her type.
Dude. you're everybody's type.
Maybe you could've worn
a nicer shirt.
Yeah. or my prison blues.
Thought my criminal record
might be a deal-breaker.
but it turns out she asked
Mauricio to set us up
because she only dates felons.
-Creepy.
-Yeah.
But doesn't that
make you her type?
Apparently
I'm not felonious enough.
She likes the repeat offenders.
Okay. maybe when it comes
to matchmakers.
we can do better
than our old pals
from Apalachee.
I'm sorry. what? W-Who's we?
The algorithms
for the dating apps
are. like. insane now.
I can help you poke
around online tomorrow.
try to find the right one.
Algorithms? I think I'd rather
go back to prison.
And why are you so determined
to fix me up all of a sudden?
Just trying
to help you make better
choices. that's all.
Better than what?
I saw you having drinks
with Emi Ochoa at F.M. Station.
and you looked friendly.
It's not what you think.
We were married. okay?
I know what you look like
when you want to have sex.
Emi Ochoa and I
are not sleeping together.
We're not. She feels bad
about what happened.
She wants to...
she wants to make up for it.
And how exactly
does one make up
for perjuring oneself
and sending
an innocent person to prison?
She brought me a case
last week. It worked out.
We went out for a drink
to celebrate. That's it.
I'm fine.
Everything's fine. okay?
So. if you'll excuse me.
I have an early meeting
with a client tomorrow.
I'm not going to sleep
with him either.
Okay. Here's Louise
on her way to yoga.
Playing mah-jongg at the club.
Buying groceries. Bob...
As much as I'd like
to keep taking your money.
I've been following
your wife for a week.
I have seen nothing that
tells me she's cheating on you.
Look at Louise. Now look at me.
She is at least a nine.
I am a five.
and that's when
my psoriasis isn't acting up.
I should've known better
than to think that
I could keep her happy.
Are you sure
this whole affair thing
isn't just all in your head?
I mean. are you sure?
You see these earrings?
I didn't buy those for her.
I checked her credit card
receipts. She didn't buy
them for herself.
And when I asked her about it.
she said that they were gifts
from her mother.
but. uh. I-I know
that she's lying. I...
I love her. Mr. Decker.
so much. and I need
to know what's going on.
Because if I know
what's going on.
maybe I can fix it.
Maybe I can make her
love me again.
Hey. Bob.
I've been thinking.
Maybe you're right. Maybe
the affair is all in my head.
Bob. do you know anything
about a-a storage locker
on 19th Street?
No. why? Did Louise go
to a storage locker?
Is that where you are now?
No. I'm in front
of a house on Palmetto.
She just went inside.
Does it have a fountain
in front with pink flamingos?
Yeah. it does.
Son of a...
That's the Howards' house. She
must be there to meet Preston.
Okay. who's Preston?
We know him and his wife
from the club.
He and Louise both played
in the pickleball tournament.
Okay. Bob. listen to me.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Deep breath and repeat
after me. okay? Everything...
Everything...
...is gonna be--
Mr. Decker.
what was that?
Mr. Decker. can you hear me?
Mr. Decker. are you there?
Fire marshal says
it's looking like an accident.
There was a gas leak
somewhere inside. then a spark.
Happens sometimes
in these old houses that
haven't converted to electric.
What about bodies?
One. Badly burned.
so no ID yet.
It's got to be
my client's wife.
I saw her go inside
right before it happened.
Respectfully.
I'm a homicide detective.
-not a tragic
accident detective.
-Yeah. I get it. I...
Unless you're thinking
the fire marshal has it wrong.
My client was convinced
his wife was having an affair.
maybe with the guy
that lives in this house.
Thirty seconds
after she went inside.
the place goes up in smoke?
-What?
-Fine.
-Oh. you think what?
He rigged the house.
waited for you to confirm
she was here. and then what?
It's possible.
I mean. until now he seemed
like nothing but a nice guy.
but who knows?
No. no. no. no. no!
Sir. sir. you have
to stay back.
This is my house.
Please. I need to find my wife.
Her name is Natalie.
Detective Mel Abreu.
Are you Preston Howard?
Yes. I've been trying
to reach my wife. but I can't.
Please tell me
she wasn't in there.
Mr. Howard.
there was one fatality.
But we have reason to believe
it was someone other
than your wife.
You're saying somebody
other than Natalie?
Mr. Howard.
d-do you know a Louise Vernon?
Yeah. W-We go
to the same country club.
Are-Are you saying
she was inside my house?
Did she do this?
Any chance she was coming here
to meet you today?
Me? Why? W-Why would she?
Why isn't anybody
trying to find my wife?
We'll find her.
Mr. Howard. But first.
I know the fire marshal
has some questions
about your house.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe
that Louise is gone.
Bob. like I said.
the person who died. the body.
it hasn't been identified yet.
But y-you said you saw her go
inside. Who else could it be?
Mr. Vernon. have you ever been
inside the Howards' house?
Uh. they hosted
a holiday cocktail thing
a few years ago. Why?
Well. you called Mr. Decker
this morning. He told you he
saw Louise go inside. Then...
You...
You think that
I blew it up somehow?
Are you insane?
You did hire a PI
because you thought
your wife was cheating on you.
I told you how much
I loved her. I told you
I wanted to fix things.
Bob. I know. I know.
Please. Just go.
Thoughts?
My gut says he didn't do it.
And yet?
And yet. jealous husband.
dead wife. I know.
Two and two
almost always equal four.
and yet the fire marshal's
preliminary take was
the explosion was accidental.
And yet. Louise was up
to something this morning.
The car rental. the wig.
the storage locker.
I repeat. two plus two almost
always equal four.
Look. she was having an affair.
She changed
her car and her appearance
to visit a neighborhood
where she could
have been recognized.
Her death? Act of God.
not act of Bob.
Okay.
Look. something's up
with the storage locker.
It was big.
It's way too big
for a... for a wig
and a change of clothes.
-I'm gonna check it out.
-Okay. You find something
that tells you
that the explosion wasn't
an accident. you let me know.
Meantime. I'm gonna go focus
on crimes I know were murders.
Gotcha. Let's go.
Just when I thought
my day couldn't get any worse.
Louise?
You chose
the wrong night to try
to rob a storage locker. pal.
You honestly want me to believe
you're a private investigator?
We can check
my website if you want.
but I think we'd both
be better off trying to
get you to a hospital.
Louise. your husband Bob
hired me because he thought
you might be having an affair.
I love Bob. I would never.
Louise. I believe you. I do.
and not just 'cause of the gun.
I don't think you went
to Preston Howard's
for a nooner today.
I think you were there
to rob the place.
Look. my least favorite job
as a PI is tailing
cheating spouses.
A close second
is asset retrieval.
See. insurance companies
pay guys like me
to be on the lookout
for stolen goods in pawn shops.
on the black market.
I recognize that
from a bulletin one of
those companies emailed me.
If I had to take a guess.
I'd say everything
in here is stolen.
You'd be wrong.
I bought this stuff
at swap meets.
cash transactions.
If any of it is stolen.
news to me.
Louise...
Bob thinks you're dead.
Now. I watched you go
inside the Howards' house.
I have pictures.
I... I didn't mean to...
to not go home to Bob.
-I only came here
to change my clothes.
-Okay.
Well. if you're here.
who was inside the house
when it exploded?
I smelled the gas
the second I got inside.
but I don't know
why I kept going.
And then I saw her.
You-You saw who?
Who did you see?
All that blood.
And the gas.
I was so scared.
so I went out back.
and then I heard a boom.
And then I went flying.
It's okay.
My favorite Dior jacket.
-It's okay. Oh. Oh.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
-And now it's ruined.
Hey. hey. I got you. I got you.
Sofia's asleep.
That's nice.
It is nice.
Maybe even very nice. Hmm?
- Her again? Seriously?
- What?
Baby.
I'm giving you
the steal home sign.
and you're still looking
for dirt on Emi Ochoa.
I'm not looking for dirt.
I'm just trying to understand.
You and your ex-husband
are both into sexy Latinas.
What is there to understand?
I don't know.
maybe how stupid I feel.
I mean.
two years I've been carrying
all this guilt for not seeing
how much R.J.
was struggling before
he'd beat up Lucas Ochoa.
and now I find out
that he's friends. maybe
even friends with benefits.
with a woman who's
actually directly responsible
for him going to prison.
Well. you said he told you
she's trying to make amends.
She found a case
for him. So what?
So she's a fricking Ochoa.
Her dad is like
a modern-day Boss Tweed.
They could be setting R.J. up
to be their fall guy.
One. I resent you
making a reference
to a guy you know I won't know.
Two. are you sure
you're not just jealous?
What? No.
I mean. she's pretty hot.
Baby...
You didn't carry guilt
for two years because
you're stupid. okay?
- You did it because
you have a big heart.
But come on. Don't you ever
think maybe you're a little too
involved with your ex?
What?
R.J.
Someone we thought died
in that explosion today
turned up alive.
Says there's a storage locker
on 19th I have to get to ASAP.
Remind me.
Which one of us is
too involved with my ex?
Hey. you get the warrant?
Yeah. a little while ago.
It's like a fricking
pirate's cave in here.
Jewelry. artwork.
designer gowns.
Robbery division
already matched a bunch
of it to a string of burglaries
that dates back
a couple of years.
They've been
calling the suspect
the Bandit of Broward.
Now. thanks to you.
they know it was Louise Vernon.
How is she. by the way?
Uh. she's okay. She got a piece
of shrapnel in her abdomen.
Lucky for her.
it didn't hit any organs.
Lucky for us.
'Cause the burglaries
aren't the only thing
she has to answer for.
What do you mean?
Finally got an ID
on the body that was found
in the rubble yesterday.
Our bandit may be a murderer.
You're telling me
everything I bought at
those swap meets was stolen?
Ms. Vernon. you honestly
expect us to believe
that you got a Patek Philippe
watch at a swap meet?
Yeah. Louise. we know your MO.
You put on
a pair of sunglasses.
a wig. you rent a nice car.
so it looks like you belong
in the neighborhoods
you're targeting.
If anyone spots you.
you're what?
A high-end real estate broker
going door-to-door?
Natalie Howard. though.
she was a friend.
She would've seen right through
a disguise like that.
Yeah. so we talked to Preston.
her husband. yesterday.
We told him
we had reason to believe
the body they found
inside the house
wasn't his wife's.
Only it was.
Medical examiner confirmed it
this morning.
just like he confirmed
it wasn't the explosion
that killed her.
She was dead before that.
Blunt force trauma to the head.
You broke in.
Natalie caught you by surprise.
And there was a struggle.
And you caved her skull in.
and you filled
the place with gas.
And then you left something
behind to ignite it.
Arson investigator thinks
it was a hair dryer. he felt.
Please.
You have to tell them.
I did break
into the house yesterday.
But Natalie was dead
when I got there.
Okay. right. and you got
all this in your storage locker
at swap meets.
I can prove to you
I didn't kill her.
The glasses I was wearing.
they-they weren't just
a part of my disguise.
They were smart glasses.
They recorded everything I saw.
I still don't understand
why you filmed yourself
breaking into houses.
Why do you like
to record us in bed?
- It's. I don't know.
a thrill reliving it.
Yeah.
Hair dryer.
just like they thought.
Oh. my God.
You want me to confess
to a few burglaries? I will.
But murder? No.
Somebody else killed Natalie.
Hey. Mel. Hey.
Heard your client say he needed
to speak with you.
Well. it turns out
he doesn't want me
off the case just yet.
The case of "I think my wife
is fooling around on me"?
'Cause that one's solved.
She isn't a cheater.
she's a burglar.
Yeah. I-I know.
but he says he feels terrible
about what happened to Natalie.
He wants to make sure the cops
find the... find the killer.
Right. because where
would the FLPD be without
the help of low-rent PI's?
Well. technically.
I'm a no-rent PI. but hey.
hey. hey. hey. remind me.
who caught
the Bandit of Broward?
Okay. we both know
you're gonna go talk
to Preston Howard right now.
Dead wife.
you look at the husband.
You gotta talk to him.
I gotta talk to him.
Why don't we. uh. save some
time. we'll do it together?
We told Preston he could stay
with us as long as he needs.
I can't even imagine
losing your home and
your wife all in an instant.
Grant's been out there with him
all morning. but it's so hard.
Neither of us knows
what to say.
You've known
the Howards a long time?
God. 15 years?
I-I know it's none
of my business.
but if you're here to confirm
the stove was the source
of the leak. be gentle.
He told us
he's been meaning to replace
that old gas range for years.
Well. actually. Ms. Summers.
we're here to tell him
that that old gas stove
wasn't the cause
of Natalie's death.
Oh. my God. Well. he'll be...
he'll be so relieved.
Not so sure he will.
You're saying
what happened to Natalie
wasn't an accident?
You're saying that
she was murdered?
The ME believes that.
based off the skull fracture.
the weapon was something heavy
and rounded. like a pipe.
Killer only set the explosion
to cover their tracks.
You asked me
about Louise Vernon yesterday.
It sounded like
she had been by the house.
Yeah. 'cause she had.
But as it turns out.
she wasn't there
to hurt anyone.
She was there to rob the place.
I'm not sure the FLPD was ready
to share
that particular detail.
But... yes. it's true.
We like Louise Vernon
for a series of robberies
in this part of town.
-Hold up. We were
robbed last year.
-Yeah.
So were two other houses
on the street. Are you saying
that she was the one who--
Probably. but-but it's not
what we're here for.
and we were able
to prove Louise
didn't kill Natalie.
So. Mr. Howard. can you
think of anybody else who
may have wanted to hurt her?
No one. I mean.
Natalie was a saint.
And things
were good with you guys?
What do you mean?
Your marriage.
No bumps in the road.
nothing like that?
Y-You think that
I killed my wife?
-Just routine questions.
Mr. Howard.
-The hell they are.
You don't say another word.
not without an attorney.
Okay. all we're trying to do
is eliminate Mr. Howard
as a suspect.
Yeah. well. sorry.
You're not gonna do that here.
That Grant's
a real charmer. huh?
Yeah. humble too.
Really puts the conspicuous
in conspicuous consumption.
doesn't it?
Detective Abreu?
I'm so sorry. I-I didn't want
to say anything
in front of Preston.
but there was some trouble
in their marriage.
Not that I think
he would ever hurt Natalie.
but I just wouldn't
want you to find out later
that we'd held anything back.
What kind of trouble?
Preston asked Grant
for a loan a few weeks ago.
Something about Natalie
spending too much.
That's... That's all I know.
Imagine my surprise.
You reaching out
in the middle of the day.
saying you'd like to meet.
In public. no less.
What do you mean?
Well. I mean.
your newspaper
hasn't exactly been kind
to my family over the years.
Not sure what your readers
would think
if they saw us having coffee
together. Ms. Delacroix.
First. it's Catherine.
Second. I don't think
our readers would be
the least bit surprised.
They know
The Broward County Herald's
only ever after the facts.
Not sure my father would agree.
but it's nice to finally
put a face to the byline.
My assistant said you had
some questions about Ed Carter.
For decades. he oversaw
one of the biggest chains
of drug rehab clinics
in the state.
Now he stands accused of
defrauding thousands of clients
and orchestrating the death
of his own son.
It's no secret
he's always been one of
your father's biggest donors.
Just like it's no secret that
in light of those allegations.
my father returned Mr. Carter's
most recent donation.
and introduced legislation
to increase
funding and oversight
for addiction treatment.
It's my understanding
you played a big part
in bringing Ed Carter down.
You-You worked
with a private investigator to
tee him up for law enforcement.
I'm afraid that because
the investigation is ongoing.
I can't comment on that
at this time.
Huh.
What about the PI?
Is he allowed to comment?
I understand
he has some interesting ties
to your family too.
your-your stepbrother
in particular.
Sort of a no-no
when you've agreed
to an interview.
Is that what this is?
An interview?
Because it seems
more like an invasion
of your ex-husband's privacy.
God. after he did
what he did to Lucas.
you think we didn't find out
every little thing
we could about him?
I think you mean
what Lucas did to R.J.
He was the one
who committed a crime that day.
but R.J. went to prison.
thanks in no small part
to the testimony
you gave at his trial.
I take it you don't like
that I've been in R.J.'s orbit.
but did it ever occur
to you that I genuinely
want to help him?
If you want to help him...
...maybe you'd like
to take this opportunity
to admit on the record
that you perjured yourself
two years ago.
Of course. that might mean
a little prison time for you.
It's been a pleasure.
Ms. Delacroix.
Same.
Thanks.
You've been a big help.
Million-dollar
life insurance policy
on his recently deceased wife
plus the 2.5 from the house.
assuming that was insured too.
Preston Howard's
money troubles are over.
Between the windfall
and the attention
this case is getting.
he's gonna
have lawyers lining up
to represent him. Good ones.
Hope you got a good look
at him today 'cause we won't
see him again for a while.
I bet you 50 bucks
you're wrong.
I'm sorry for the way
that Grant spoke to you.
He wasn't wrong.
A lawyer would make
a lot of sense.
More importantly.
I think I might know
who killed Natalie.
We're all ears. Mr. Howard.
Look. I-I've never
paid much attention
to our finances.
Natalie always took care
of the bills.
About a month ago.
I noticed that the balance
in our joint savings.
it seemed low.
When I looked into it.
I saw that she had been making
some big cash withdrawals
every month going
back almost a year.
Always just under $10.000.
10K being the threshold
for reporting to the IRS.
She said that it had
to be some kind of mistake
and that she would look
into it. but...
she seemed...
she seemed afraid.
And I was worried.
So the next time that she said
she had errands to run.
I-I followed her.
She went to the bank.
made a cash withdrawal.
and she drove straight
to Dixie Court.
That's a rough area.
She gave the money to a guy
that I'd never seen before.
Tattoos everywhere. uh.
even on his face.
And when she got home.
I asked her point blank.
"Are you buying drugs?
Are you gambling?"
She wouldn't tell me.
She just said that
it was the last time.
I told her. "Look.
whatever's going on. it's okay.
We can go to the police."
She said that she was planning
to go herself.
She just said that
she needed more time.
Whatever Natalie got herself
into. I don't know.
But maybe this guy wasn't okay.
her putting an end to it.
Well. can you tell us
exactly where you saw
Natalie meet with him?
Yeah.
-Crockett or Tubbs?
-Hmm?
Who's your favorite?
Like. chocolate or vanilla?
The Beatles or the Stones?
Crockett or Tubbs?
Tubs of what?
Are you really gonna sit there
and pretend you don't know
the guys from Miami Vice?
I know the guys from
Fort Lauderdale Vice.
I'm talking about
the TV show. the one...
You know what? Forget it.
You are a terrible
stakeout partner.
Why don't you call Emi Ochoa?
Ask her to tag me out.
Catherine told you about that?
Listen. don't get me wrong.
if I were single...
-What?
-Over there.
You think that's the guy
Natalie Howard was paying off?
One way to find out.
When I heard on the news
about a house blown up
in the suburbs.
man. I had no idea
it was Mrs. H's.
Well. we have pictures
of her too. if you'd like
to see them. Andre.
I get why you brought me here.
A nice white lady
coming to see a guy
with his face all tatted up.
Oh. God. You're not here
because of the ink
on your face.
You're here because of the ink
on your rap sheet.
You got eight arrests
for possession of
a controlled substance.
11 more for possession
with intent to distribute.
I was a dealer.
Emphasis on "was".
So if we were to test
what's left of "Mrs. H".
we wouldn't find any drugs
in her system?
No. I left all that behind. I
work as a youth counselor now.
So then how do you explain
all that money Natalie Howard
was bringing you then?
It's for a community center
I'm helping get built.
The construction site
you picked me up at.
that's where it's going to be.
Named for my baby brother.
Amari. He's the reason
me and Mrs. H met.
And how do
they know each other?
Actually. they didn't.
He died last year. Hit-and-run.
The story made
a lot of the papers.
'cause he had just got
a full ride to Miami.
That boy could hoop.
But whoever ran him down
didn't give a damn who he was.
Left him there to die.
Mrs. H showed up
at the funeral. told my mom
she read about it.
said she knew what
we were going through
because she lost her son
to a drunk driver.
When I told her I was trying to
get a community center built.
name it after Amari.
she pledged a hundred grand.
People donating
that amount don't tend
to do it in cash.
They write checks.
They want the tax deductions.
Honestly. I thought it was
a little sus too.
She said she wanted
to be anonymous.
that the only person who
deserved any attention
was Amari.
Can you account for
your whereabouts on Tuesday
between 10:00 a.m. and noon?
I can. So can a couple hundred
other people.
I was at Mercer Elementary
School giving a talk about
staying away from drugs.
Okay. let's just say everything
he told us was on the level.
Natalie Howard was taking
money out for good reason.
When Preston Howard
found out about it. why not
just tell him the truth?
I'll do you one better.
Why did she tell him
she was planning
to go to the police?
One sec.
-Hey. what's up?
-Am I catching you
at a bad time?
No. it's a good time actually.
I just got out of an interrogation.
Funny.
I'm calling because
I went through one
of those myself today.
Hey.
Hey. how was your day?
You get up to anything
interesting?
I did. actually.
I'm doing a story on
that big win you had.
the Ed Carter thing.
I thought I should
have a conversation
with Emi Ochoa.
Oh. really? Funny.
You didn't mention
that story to me.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Are we keeping score now
when it comes to things one
of us didn't tell the other?
I get what you like about her.
by the way.
I mean. her capacity
for forgiveness.
her willingness to get
into bed figuratively.
of course.
with the meth addict who
tried to kill her brother for.
you know. no reason at all.
I mean. people have been
sainted for less.
I told you. okay? I told you.
She regrets what she did.
I'm glad that's enough for you.
It isn't for me.
-Found something.
Assuming you're done...
-Yeah.
-...with your personal calls?
-Sorry.
What did Catherine do now?
Listen. you are. for all
your faults. one of the coolest
customers I've ever met.
Nothing ever seems
to bother you except for when
my wife calls you on your BS.
I'm gonna go on a limb and say
it has something to do
with Emi Ochoa.
Let's just say
Catherine decided
to introduce herself today.
and we'll just...
we'll just leave it at that.
Oh. man.
Did I ever tell you
about the day you
were sentenced.
-what Catherine did?
-Mm-mmm.
Went home. got in bed.
and didn't get out
for three days.
I remember thinking like.
"Hey. what the hell?
This is her ex."
You know. most people.
they hear their ex
is going to prison.
they throw a party.
and I will admit that. like.
for a millisecond
I thought maybe
she wasn't over you.
And then I realized.
oh. my beautiful wife.
your beautiful ex.
she just loves bigger
than I understood.
And when you love that big.
you worry that big.
My question for you is.
do you love being loved big?
Because if you don't...
-You said you had something.
-Yeah.
Everything Andre Blake told us
checked out.
He was at that school the day
the Howards' house blew up.
and his brother was killed
in a hit-and-run last year.
Okay. so as far as suspects go.
we're back to square one.
Mmm. In the death
of Natalie Howard. yes.
In the death of baby bro.
not so much.
Natalie Howard never had a kid.
let alone one killed
by a drunk driver.
So I wondered. why show up
at Amari Blake's funeral?
Why pledge a hundred grand
to a community center being
built in his honor?
Let me guess.
once Natalie's death
was ruled a homicide.
you got access
to her phone records.
Way ahead of you.
The night Amari Blake died
in that hit-and-run.
guess whose phone was pinging
off the nearest tower?
Okay. so
if Natalie Howard killed Amari.
but Amari's brother
didn't kill Natalie.
then maybe one of the family
members found out the truth
and killed her to get revenge.
Sorry. it's my client.
I'm sorry.
-Hey. Bob. What's up?
You need an update?
-No. I just got home.
Someone must have broken in.
Everything is torn apart.
I didn't want to call the
police because of everything
going on with Louise. but...
Okay. Bob. take a deep breath.
Just get out of the house.
I'll be there in like--
I just heard
something. I think the person
who did this may--
Bob. Bob. what was that?
Bob. answer. What was it? Bob?
Paramedics say he'll make it.
but the blow was to
the back of the head.
Odds are he didn't see
who did it.
Blow to the back of the head.
just like Natalie Howard.
You think the guy
who killed her did this?
I mean. as far
as signatures go.
hitting people on the head
is not a very unique one.
And if you're right.
what motive would they have
for attacking them both?
Well. any luck.
the answer's going to come
from that guy right there.
Mr. Adult Onesie?
Actually. Mr. Ring Camera.
He just told me his has
a great view of Bob's driveway.
Hey. are you seriously using
terry cloth again?
How many times have I told you.
microfiber only?
Hey. if you're looking
for Preston. he isn't here.
He had to go make
some funeral arrangements
for Natalie.
Actually. Mr. Summers.
we're here for you.
We have video
of this car arriving at
Bob Vernon's house just minutes
before someone
assaulted him last night.
There's lots of cars
like this out there.
Yeah. But only one
Luxxguy1. right?
Lawyer.
This is what
you've been doing?
Yeah. Well. complicated case.
I thought some visual aids
might help.
Hmm. I'd say it looks
like something Sofia made.
but I know
she can do better than this.
Three couples. all friends
from the same country club.
all connected by the murder
of Natalie Howard.
And by the Bandit of Broward.
aka Louise Vernon.
Exactly. She did rob
the Summers' house.
She attempted to rob
the Howards' house.
I think she's
the reason Grant went
to Bob's house last night.
-Revenge?
-Asset retrieval.
I told Louise it's
my least favorite job.
but it's a thing for a reason.
Someone steals your stuff.
you want it back.
Louise's storage locker
was a detail we kept
out of the press.
Yes. exactly. That's why
I think Grant went to
her house last night.
tore it up looking
for something she stole.
Why wouldn't he
just contact the police? Ask
if his property was recovered?
Well. you're assuming
what he was looking for.
he'd be okay
with the police knowing about.
What. like a brick
of cocaine or something?
Spidey sense says no.
but that's only because.
based on the items retrieved
from the storage locker.
she wasn't into drugs.
only things that were nice.
What nice thing would have
tied Grant to a crime?
Don't know. but I gotta think
it's the same reason
he killed Natalie Howard.
Lucky for us. we have a bandit
who can just tell us
what she stole.
You really think what happened
to Bob was my fault?
Well. we think
they're connected. Yeah.
All this awfulness.
Just because I was bored
and needed a little
excitement in my life.
Bob's doctor said he opened
his eyes this morning.
He didn't say anything.
but she thinks
it's a good sign.
She thinks he's gonna be okay.
That's... That's good.
Louise. I'm glad.
You said this is the claim
Grant and Dawn filed
with their insurance company
after I robbed them.
but I'm still a little fuzzy
on what I'm supposed
to be looking for.
Something that isn't there.
The idea is you stole something
that could have gotten
Grant in trouble.
and if you did.
there's a good chance he
wouldn't make a claim for it.
- Like the dog
that doesn't bark. right?
It's the absence
of things that matters.
I'm guessing you stole
the complete works of
Sherlock Holmes at some point.
Wow.
I'm the one being
accused of theft?
What do you mean?
Grant and Dawn
have been ripping off
their insurance company.
- Erté statuette.
- Yeah?
Gucci dress. emerald brooch.
They claimed at least
20.000 bucks' worth of stuff
that I definitely didn't take.
Do you want
to charge him for fraud?
I'm willing to testify.
Oh. yeah.
in exchange for reducing
the charges against you?
Actually. I...
I was hoping
I could get permission
to visit Bob's room.
I-- I know I'm under arrest.
but I'd like to hold his hand.
maybe even be there
when he wakes up.
You find something that proves
Grant Summers is a killer.
and I'll work on that
and the charges.
Huh.
The most valuable thing I took
from Grant and Dawn's house.
the one they could have made
- a huge legitimate claim for...
- Mm-hmm.
It's not listed here.
There. right there.
Ostrich skin
with 18-karat gold hardware.
There were only six made.
One of them was auctioned
at Sotheby's last year.
sold for over 200.000.
Of course. I couldn't wear it.
It would've attracted
too much attention. but it
sure was nice to look at.
Okay. maybe Grant stole it.
and didn't make a claim
because it would tie him
to the crime.
A murder. an attempted murder.
and exploded a house
all for a stolen bag?
-I don't think so.
-A stolen bag worth
over 200 grand.
I don't think
it was the bag
he was looking for.
It's what was inside the bag.
Did you know that was in there?
No. I told you I never used
the bag. and I don't get it.
What's so special
about a license plate?
Ordinarily not much.
but I think this one's going
to prove one of
the Summers is a killer.
Mrs. Summers.
do you recognize these?
Of course. they were all stolen
from my home. but I'm confused.
Is that why
you asked me to come here.
to give them back to me?
Because I thought
you had questions about
the little misunderstanding
between Grant and Bob Vernon.
You mean when
Grant misunderstood a pipe
to the back of Bob's skull?
Grant went there to talk to Bob
about what Louise had done.
Things got heated
and Bob came at him.
-Mmm.
-Grant was just
defending himself.
What about this?
Recognize this?
No. that isn't mine.
You sure? Because a bag
like that is easy to trace.
Your husband
got it at auction a year ago.
just before your 50th birthday.
which. according to
social media posts. you
celebrated at Cabrera in Miami.
Yes. sorry.
I... I remember now.
I have so many bags.
I suppose I just...
I forgot about this one.
That must be nice to be
so rich you could forget about
one that costs six figures.
What about this?
Recognize that?
That appears to be a plate
from a car I reported
stolen last year.
Well. not just last year.
the day after
your birthday party.
I'm confused.
Did you find the car?
No. odds are we never will
because odds are
you and Grant got rid of it.
That's crazy.
Why would we do that?
Because it was your car
that struck and killed a kid
named Amari Blake last year.
At first we thought
it was Natalie who did it.
but. no. she was just
a passenger. wasn't she?
We traced the chain of title
on the car. 1975 Mercedes SLC.
It's a real classic.
Originally purchased
by your father the week
you were born.
he transferred the title
to you when you turned 16.
and you could've
just gotten rid of the plate
along with the car.
but it was more than just proof
of a crime. wasn't it?
It was proof of
how much Daddy loved you
and how special you are.
Yeah. so much more special
than some random
7-year-old on a bike.
It's too bad Louise stole
your bag before you had
a chance to get this out.
Obviously you managed
to swear Natalie to secrecy
that night. but unlike you.
her conscience. it got to her.
She ended up donating $100.000
to a community center
in Amari's name.
Recently. she told her husband
there was something
she needed to tell him.
and we think she
was going to spill about what
really happened that night.
and we think she gave you
the opportunity to do the same.
Instead. you sic
your psycho husband on her.
No. no. Grant would never.
-He's a good man.
-So good he wouldn't
take a plea deal
to pin Amari and Natalie's
murder on you?
Because you should know
the DA's office is about
to offer him one...
in about 20 minutes.
Unless. of course.
you want to talk about
a deal for yourself.
Cath. Made it.
You said in your text you had
a much better story for me
than "Emi Ochoa dupes
Florida PI a second time."
How could I resist?
-Look. about that--
-It's okay.
I overstepped.
Not a lot. but enough.
-So still pals then. yeah?
-Well. it depends
-how good this other story is.
-Well. actually
-you have your choice of two.
-Mm-hmm.
My client Bob Vernon.
husband of the infamous
Bandit of Broward.
he hasn't talked
to the press since he got
out of the hospital.
But for the wife of the cop
who just talked the DA
into a plea deal
that would see her serve
less than a year?
He'd make an exception.
And behind door number two?
You see that group over there?
It's the family of Amari Blake.
I just told them how
Dawn and Grant Summer.
they couldn't turn
on each other fast enough.
They're both probably going
to go away for life.
Now it doesn't bring
Amari back.
but they're all glad to be
finally getting some justice.
Now. I figured a piece
in the Herald would be
a good way
to remind people who he was.
how much he was loved.
Not to mention some good
publicity for the community
center they're building.
You're really gonna
make me choose?
Well. it depends.
You're gonna quit
trying to make me go
on the dating apps?
I'll let you know
after we talk to the Blakes.
All right. let's talk
to the Blakes.